You are talking nonsense, what evidence do you have?
Very simple.
Now check your galactic water
I only know how many times I was 18
Worked hard for more than ten years
You think my uncle will take your word for it?
Just check your bank flow.
I'll tell you what.
You are invading my privacy
Uncle, this outsider
Is to provoke our relationship
Of course it feels easy
Check it out and you'll know
Check it out for me
Yes, I'm calling now to check his running water.
Don't come
Uncle, I know it hurts
I shouldn't have cheated
Yang Xu, my father trusts you so much
You actually took bribes at this juncture
You are worthy of our family
More than 10 million bribes
At least it's a weapon
Please don't uncle
I dare not reply please
Don't call the police.
Let me go
Hey my own sister
After death
I will help you raise it like a son
I used to raise a white-eyed wolf
Don't go there again, you pack my things and leave Xu's house
Ok I roll I roll
Uncle, are you really not going to call the police?
Get out of here
Multiply you wait for me
I'm not done with you
Mr. Yang, I've been waiting for you for a long time